README.md, before:

Hi ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif)My name is Artyom
==============================================================================================================================

SOC Analyst | Computer Science Student | EX IADF Officer
--------------------------------------------------------

Hi, I’m Soc Analyst and a student of Computer Science. By working in the cybersecurity industry and simultaneously studying the Computer Science field, I am trying to expand my skills and knowledge to become a well-rounded professional capable of tackling complex challenges in both areas. I believe that the combination of hands-on experience in cybersecurity and theoretical knowledge in Computer Science will not only enhance my career prospects but also enable me to contribute meaningfully to the ever-changing world of technology and security. I am dedicated to continuous learning and staying up-to-date with the latest developments in both fields to make a positive impact in the digital realm. 

Experienced as an Air-Defense Officer, where I performed in several roles acquiring skills in a few fields, including: 

📝 Project management 

📌 Functioning under pressure 

🕺 Instructional skills My main skills are: 

  💡 Creative Problem Solving I prefer that problems are "questions" that we still didn't find the answer for. When it more challenging, I feel very more exited to find out how to solve that "question". 
  
  🏃🏻‍♂️ Leadership I believe that any if you can't lead yourself-you can't lead anyone. All this starts from personal example. By trying to do the best that I possibly can, I can lead my team to victory through any challenge. In Military as CO I saw that team that know   
     what they are doing and why, have no boundaries. 
     
  📚 Fast Learning I love to learn. Thirsty to acquire knowledge and see progress in various areas of my life. Along the way, I learned from mistakes and gained initial experience that helped me understand things better. 
  
  💻 Work Ethic "Sleepers get only dreams" We can't achieve anything if we didn't work. By Hard work we will see our Best Result.
  
  🏆 Team Player Any team want me on their side.
  
  I'm loyal to my team and to our ideas and know how to win and will do everything for me and my team to achieve it. I am a very sociable person and like meeting new people and making conversation. If you read so far, I encourage you to send me a message 😊

* 🌍  I'm based in Israel / Ashdod
* ✉️  You can contact me at [artmbordulev@gmail.com](mailto:artmbordulev@gmail.com)
* 🧠  I'm learning SOC and Red Teaming
* 🤝  I'm open to collaborating on Cyber projects/Cyber investigation

### Try Hack Me

<p align="left">
<img src="https://tryhackme-badges.s3.amazonaws.com/Raizer96.png" alt="TryHackMe">


### Skills


<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.oracle.com/java/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/java-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Java" /></a><a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/python-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Python" /></a><a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/aws-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Amazon Web Services" /></a><a href="https://www.linux.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/linux-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Linux" /></a>
</p>


### Socials

<p align="left"> <a href="https://discord.com/users/Raizer_96#3903" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="undefined" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/discord.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/discord.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a> <a href="https://www.github.com/Raizer1996" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a> <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/artyom-bordulev-9b580b1ba/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a> <a href="https://www.x.com/Artyom_Bordulev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a></p>

Commit message:

Revise README to enhance professional summary
Updated personal introduction and skills description to reflect current experience and training in cybersecurity.

README.md, after:

Hi ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif)My name is Artyom
==============================================================================================================================

SOC Analyst | Computer Science Student | EX IADF Officer
--------------------------------------------------------

Cybersecurity specialist with over 2 years of hands-on experience in Cyber Security, Incident Investigation, Incident Response, Threat Hunting, and Research. Skilled in both defensive and offensive security, with proven expertise in identifying, investigating, and mitigating threats by analyzing incidents and conducting proactive threat hunting. Practical Penetration Testing background enables a holistic approach combining incident response with adversarial simulation for robust organizational protection.

Completed Cyber Security Penetration Tester Course at See Security College, with a hands-on focus on offensive security, red teaming, exploitation, and advanced attack simulations

Strong foundation for 5 years as an Officer in the Israeli Air Force. 

Core strengths:
1) Advanced threat detection, incident response, and comprehensive investigations
2) Offensive security & penetration testing (Web, Network, IoT/OT, WiFi)
3) Deep experience with SIEM (ArcSight), EDR (CrowdStrike), and security analytics platforms (Elastic & Kibana)
4) Team leadership and cross-functional collaboration

Driven by continuous learning and innovation, I aim to bridge defensive expertise with offensive penetration testing skills to deliver holistic cybersecurity solutions.

* 🌍  I'm based in Israel / Ashdod
* ✉️  You can contact me at [artmbordulev@gmail.com](mailto:artmbordulev@gmail.com)
* 🧠  I'm learning SOC and Red Teaming
* 🤝  I'm open to collaborating on Cyber projects/Cyber investigation

### Try Hack Me

<p align="left">
<img src="https://tryhackme-badges.s3.amazonaws.com/Raizer96.png" alt="TryHackMe">


### Skills


<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.oracle.com/java/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/java-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Java" /></a><a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/python-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Python" /></a><a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/aws-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Amazon Web Services" /></a><a href="https://www.linux.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/linux-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Linux" /></a>
</p>


### Socials

<p align="left"> <a href="https://discord.com/users/Raizer_96#3903" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="undefined" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/discord.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/discord.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a> <a href="https://www.github.com/Raizer1996" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a> <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/artyom-bordulev-9b580b1ba/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a> <a href="https://www.x.com/Artyom_Bordulev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a></p>
